Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you doing today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Yay, I'm so glad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did get an email back from Dr fig this morning and he said that we should set you up with one of our psychiatrist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that something that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. All right, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do that went really fast with a go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what did you do last night.
Ken Olsen: Went to bed. Oh, I had a meeting a meeting virtual a meeting I had talked to my daughter over I was sorry and
Ken Olsen: He understood
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She did.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, she said everybody loses it once in a while she's a smart kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I'm so proud of her.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, you know,
Ken Olsen: There for a while. I
Ken Olsen: haven't solved by I never saw like that my life. I don't think
Ken Olsen: I think so, you know, really good because I hold up all this shit.
Ken Olsen: Man.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You needed to get it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what a great way to do it. You did an awesome job yesterday, I want to tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That yeah
Ken Olsen: Alright thanks you too.
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I don't know, you put up with people doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I'm here for.
Ken Olsen: You know, yeah.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Well,
Ken Olsen: Just clear my throat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There. Okay, I just put out the request for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get you on one of those schedules. I just wanted to confirm with you and ask before I just did it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you feeling better today.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I'm better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm so so glad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So glad you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The bottom line. You have to know the bottom line is that you're human. And, you know, these types of things they build up. And if you don't get them released like you did yesterday. I mean, it gives brain havoc. You know that it can totally rain havoc.
Ken Olsen: Know,
Ken Olsen: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So my hats off to you and I commend you for picking up the phone and calling and getting support and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yesterday. I didn't even care what the what we were talking about. I just wanted to be there for you and know that you know you're cared for and I know that you didn't hear it, you didn't feel it, but I still had to say it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everything is better with your daughter than
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay, I'm gonna make them tacos and guacamole tomorrow.
Ken Olsen: Like, they've been coming over once a week since I sobered up for dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's good, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you guys can build on, you know, build on your relationship, a little bit.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well, I thought I kind of blew it yesterday. I just, I think I was on autopilot or something, I don't know, I just
Ken Olsen: Terrible, but
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: It's up and down right now. It's like a roller coaster ride.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah you're grieving. Of course, you know, there's a lot behind that and feeling suck. And that's what we run from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we run from feelings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rhonda having to sit in, um, you know, is not a fun place to be and I get it.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I'm just taking a shit I pulled on people and
Ken Olsen: You know they don't drink and I'm
Ken Olsen: I don't know what I'm going
Ken Olsen: All right. No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, remember to I mean you've got enough a in your head that you
Ken Olsen: Don't sit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the guilt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To where it takes you down that spiral and cold but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Identify the behaviors start making the changes you need to change the behaviors, but don't sit in the past like that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's not going to do you any good either.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I mean, I've come to terms with the ex. I mean, I really
Ken Olsen: Don't think I really loved her. Anyways, it's just, I mean I've left her so many times and
Ken Olsen: It just seemed like the tables. Turn this time.
Ken Olsen: And yeah, I'm okay with it. You know, it's a she's a fucking mess anyway. Oh.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, you know, I still love her, but
Ken Olsen: wasn't meant to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: We've been through so much
Ken Olsen: Too many things about I think there's a lot of resentment and, you know,
Ken Olsen: Some of the ships Esports but you know I really can't blame her. I fucked up shit so
Ken Olsen: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's nice to hear that you you see both sides.
Ken Olsen: You know, yeah, I can admit when I was
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: That's a long story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are your plans for today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Ken Olsen: I get up.
Ken Olsen: And go for a ride to the store and maybe get some stuff for dinner tomorrow.
Ken Olsen: To a meeting at 630 they have one meeting open here in Sacramento and orange bill.
Ken Olsen: I'm going to go to and
Ken Olsen: You know, this whole coronavirus kind of threw me through everything.
Ken Olsen: out of whack for me because I had a routine. I had to own
Ken Olsen: Everything, everything changed. You know, of course, you've heard this already, but before our people that
Ken Olsen: Kind of just got me off track you know
Ken Olsen: Yeah, and then the heart attack and then the accent.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a whole lot at once.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, it is. I can admit it. If I go to the hospital. Just in time because
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I go to the hospital when I started hearing about the coronavirus thing. And I'm sure that place is going crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I just got out of there just in time. I'm kind of thankful for that and I didn't have it today. I had a heart attack today as I go to die.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know what what you're experienced with having your heart attack. Yeah, it was a wake up call. But it was also traumatic.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, I kind of, I kind of just put it aside, like, yeah, it happened.
Ken Olsen: But you know, it's changed my life, you know, everything's changed for me. I mean,
Ken Olsen: The way I look at things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope you look at him in a manner that says, you know, it's time to quit medicating and start living
Ken Olsen: Well, I still take pills asleep and muscle relaxers and
Ken Olsen: I don't know if I'm in the moment of time anymore, not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you take your muscle relaxers
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I take two in the morning you prescribe to me. So I figured I'd take on that.
Ken Olsen: I don't know, just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do they help
Ken Olsen: They call me down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Well, yesterday I think you probably needed it.
Ken Olsen: Us. Yeah, I took it up because they gave me 100 milligrams. I'm sorry.
Ken Olsen: I told him at the hospital. I wanted to get up Sarah little so they said it's taken 300 that gave me 100
Ken Olsen: And but at the time I was getting a shot, but out of every four hours and
Ken Olsen: I can't sleep without him. But I think if I took 100 milligrams circle. Two years ago I would have been flat on my back, I take it, now I can actually walk around it function.
Ken Olsen: So I've been taking my 100 with my three hundreds of night.
Ken Olsen: I gotta stop doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Oh, I only got one 100 left and I actually cut it in half. Last night I could, I took it. I wasn't sure if I took my medication already you know
Ken Olsen: I'll lose track and I took it because I haven't the ball rolling like my mind will be somewhere else want taking it, you know, like, Did I just take one or not, you know,
Ken Olsen: Right. It doesn't have doesn't happen all the time. But it happened last night, I can't remember if I took a sleeping pill yet. So just in case I talked to 100 and half
Oh,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you gotta take him as prescribed.
Ken Olsen: You know yeah I know I'm at the same time every night.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, it reminds me. The last time I sobered up and
Ken Olsen: You know, I just got so fucking far off track now.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Ken Olsen: I knew, I knew it wasn't going to end well.
Ken Olsen: I was going down bad though.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And here we are.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Ken Olsen: No, I get kind of depressed talking about all this shit, you know, just
Ken Olsen: Which I guess you gotta do. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got to process it out and get it out of ya and realize that today's a new day you get to you get a restart you in order to mean as of today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can make it whatever it is that you want to make it from this point forward, and you know that I'm not telling you anything you haven't already heard
Ken Olsen: No, no, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Refreshing it you know in your mind that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you get to, you know, and that's a big. That's a big gift if he asked me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I hear ya. I know what you're saying.
Ken Olsen: I feel that way, but
Ken Olsen: Like I said, it just I'm up and down all around everywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if we can get you
Ken Olsen: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If we could get you in with a psychiatrist and they can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then they can help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe they can help you with your depression and help you with your anxiety and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, what was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I thought was pretty awesome was that you were calling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yesterday when you called because you wanted to be medicated you did not want to be didn't want to feel great part about it for me. It was that you didn't go straight in to the store and buy a bottle. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was
Ken Olsen: There were drinking beer for me last night and I don't give a shit. And I can't do that smoking weed and I'm like, no, I can't do that either.
Ken Olsen: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even though you want to do.
Ken Olsen: Well, you know, I know, and just look at, you know,
Ken Olsen: sitting there drinking their beer and shit.
Ken Olsen: I don't know what you know what they're going through. I mean just they're different people, you know, yeah, when they're silver. They're totally different. And when you're drinking it just
Ken Olsen: I can imagine when I was like, no, I thought I was hilarious. But why did everybody want to kick my ass, you know,
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: All that I was most fun, fun loving guy in the room and where I know if somebody's attacking me or want to kill me.
Ken Olsen: I'm just looking at him like, what did I do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has anybody ever recorded you under the influence.
Ken Olsen: Somebody recorded me sleepwalking my took Ambien that's why can't take Ambien
Ken Olsen: And I was so pissed.
You know,
Ken Olsen: But because I'm sleepwalking. And I didn't remember it till I you know next morning everybody laughing at me and I'm like,
Ken Olsen: So I never, I never took Ambien again, my brother did the same thing. He read this car on Ambien didn't you remember what he did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow yeah Ambien is definitely affects people differently, that's for sure.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: So I ended up back on Seroquel to help you sleep and
Ken Olsen: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So from this point forward, you got to quit overmedicating with it and just take it as prescribed. You know, and let your body get adjusted to it.
Ken Olsen: You know, last night I think
Ken Olsen: I think I needed a double dose.
Ken Olsen: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I just want to, I want you to reiterate again. You did a lot of the right things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in a time of crisis and the time that you are feeling the way that you were feeling did
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of writing.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be proud of that.
Ken Olsen: I was going bad shit crazy. I didn't know what to do.
Ken Olsen: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you did the best thing that you could have done.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As me
Ken Olsen: Oh yes i looking in your, your right. So that's what you're supposed to do.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, before I would think everywhere. I think it was like a weakness, like, you know, people would tell me
Ken Olsen: I don't know, I just thought was like kind of weak, but no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not absolutely it's not it's not at all. You know, it's, it is hard to ask for help when you're struggling, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you do it. Oh my gosh, it makes it easier for the next time you know and easier for the next time.
Ken Olsen: You know, I'm all, I'm all open for you know when I go to the hospital. I told myself, I'll do anything, anything in pretty much to offer you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. Before I wouldn't have done it. I will never thought a or
Ken Olsen: Virtual all this virtual stuff, you know, this is all new to this was kind of freaking me out all this new technology, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I got me. I got a ride home from the doctor, with a driverless car. I mean,
Ken Olsen: The card turned itself. Don't know the freeway. He was took his hands off the wheel and blew me away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Ken Olsen: Where have I been, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, times are certainly changing electronics are definitely the wave of the future.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, just
Ken Olsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And with this, you know, with this flu going around, you know, definitely. It is a good thing that we have this in place, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep people safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So today, you're going to go to an a, a meeting at six. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tomorrow, you're going to have dinner with your daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. You're gonna rest a little bit today cuz I'm pretty sure you're a little bit emotionally drained.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, but I just need to get out.
Ken Olsen: Of my truck broke down. I had to get rid of that I had to get rid of that thing was just a money pit.
Ken Olsen: And like I said, I got this.
Ken Olsen: workman's comp case going on with my lawyer and I haven't heard I've left two messages. The receptionist haven't heard nothing back on them.
Ken Olsen: So that's like my hope that I get something from this workman's comp claim, which I think is kind of stinks because
Ken Olsen: You know, it was my fault. I got her here I could turn around sue somebody. But
Ken Olsen: That's the way it is.
Ken Olsen: I'm kind of I'm kind of glad I did get a lawyer because if I want to get the money when I did when I would have, I would have blown through it, you know.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, oh, maybe it was a good idea just to present a lawyer.
Ken Olsen: Like, have a little hope that you know I'm just glad I didn't get the money when I did for sure but I my lawyer just kind of pisses me off, but
Ken Olsen: It's all right. I mean, he told me to be patient. Be patient.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You didn't realize how stretched your patients would be
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. Well, I mean, I just try not to think about it.
Ken Olsen: But you have you
Ken Olsen: But I do. I like, you know, come on, what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can I have some answers, please.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I don't know, like I said, the whole I wish I never happened to be honest with you.
Ken Olsen: But you know what's funny is where I worked at down the street. This casino.
Ken Olsen: The guy that's working there still with my partner and
Ken Olsen: I rode by their my little route my bike rides and you want me to know if I get some cocaine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Ken Olsen: Because everything's closed so there's nobody around. So you can't get dope, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: So he knew, I knew how to get it back in the day and
Ken Olsen: They asked me, and I'm like, shit. And you know i i see why. The reason I left because I was getting back into all that shit right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: And I hurt my knee and the same month, I mean, thanks. Hit me all at once all the times you like I have a bad knee. My mom just passed away.
Ken Olsen: I was doing coke and crank and I knew it was going to go bad. And one morning, I just walked in and said, to hell with this is this is I'm gonna
Ken Olsen: You know, it's a good thing. I left the casino. I did because the guy that we were getting from now is critical for in the hospital and he's going to die. My old drug dealer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Ken Olsen: And he's probably 55 and he's got problems I'm, I'm pretty sure it has to do with doing crank all your life, you know, doing math all your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We heart muscles.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, and he wanted me to give them some coke. And I'm like, Oh my God, you know, I'm like,
Ken Olsen: There's a reason I left.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like, Haven't you had enough. I
Ken Olsen: Mean I was walking
Ken Olsen: I was walking around. We're drinking vodka and shop and
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: It was just all bad.
Ken Olsen: For me,
Ken Olsen: Know, cuz I know once I do start doing crank. It's just gonna, it's gonna get bad because of what happened last time, so
Ken Olsen: $80,000 and the whole nothing to show for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that sounds about right.
Ken Olsen: Definitely, yeah. But what's good is though it was
Ken Olsen: filed bankruptcy 2007 and now it's off my record and I'm I've got this
Ken Olsen: Credit sesame and all that stuff my credit scores. Excellent. Cuz I've been, you know, I didn't do too much damage to my credit, but I'm glad for that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: My dad helped me pay off. I was a couple hundred bucks I got into and I knew I had to stop.
Ken Olsen: You know, but I kept thinking, oh my, my, my claim is going to come in. I'll just pay it off but
Ken Olsen: I wouldn't, you know, it's just way. I was thinking, you know, the addict. I guess it me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, lying to myself.
But
Ken Olsen: I'm glad I didn't ruin my credit, like I did last time.
Ken Olsen: I have American Express card know when a ship that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: So I just
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: The wreckage you leave behind.
Ken Olsen: But
Ken Olsen: You know, it doesn't really
Ken Olsen: Think it's gonna take a little time. That's all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, it does. Yeah. And you know, you just pointed out some good positive things that are, you know, still saw you still good. You know, as far as your life goes that your addiction hasn't taken from you this time, which is really, really awesome, you know,
Ken Olsen: Every boy.
Ken Olsen: Or maybe I learned something from the last mistake, last time I did.
Ken Olsen: That last run. I went on for actually for two years. You know, I was
Ken Olsen: I was out there, out, out there. You know what I mean, though, that other world of
Ken Olsen: Drug and Alcohol and
Just
Ken Olsen: Move doing it moving. They call it and seeing the different hotel rooms selling to a
Ken Olsen: Different place every night going to strangers homes selling dope guns around
Ken Olsen: shit crazy shit. You just look back at your stuff. Fuck was that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Somebody could have fucking killed me that out, you know,
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, I don't know, I don't. That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just thinking about the risky behaviors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that additional rings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Knowing that that's not where you want to be and being able to pull yourself out you know is huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I had a nice truck and I wrecked it and that kind of halted everything for me and my dad came and got me from Southern California, and took me down there.
Ken Olsen: So I had to get away. I didn't get away. I thought, you know, the old story and be dead.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, probably, probably, you know,
Ken Olsen: I'm thinking I I did want to kill myself. Although we've been trying to kill myself.
Ken Olsen: But how are you doing
Ken Olsen: She's up above me. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good. Just trudging along. I'm glad that you came in today. I'm glad that you are better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: makes a big difference, you know,
Yo,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff, you know,
Ken Olsen: The pressure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, again, it's a process. You know, you got to get to the other side of this and you got to heal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and the statement that you said you've you've always been trying to kill yourself. You know, really taking a look at what is underneath that. Why, why is that so yeah you know it's maybe something that we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Should start looking at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well, one thing I tried to change my ex because she's not the most responsible
Ken Olsen: You know she's in certain way, she is. But you can't change people, you know, so
Ken Olsen: Yeah, and
Ken Olsen: I tried. I tried to make it work, man. Just
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, the next guy and good luck, buddy. You know, because
Ken Olsen: It is anything like me, he'll see
Ken Olsen: We'll see. Hopefully it works out for you know
Ken Olsen: Especially for my daughter sake. You know, I don't want her. I hope he doesn't do bad things to her.
Ken Olsen: So I doubt it, but
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: My daughter doesn't know 85% of the ship that gone on with me. She just hears it from her mom or
Ken Olsen: Which is good. I'm glad I never really
Ken Olsen: Told her all this shit, you know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, a lot of the shit that happened when she was younger.
Ken Olsen: She took me to court. She's reading words against me and I still take her back. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: But he talked to her, you know, even when she took me to court. You put down that I hit her.
Ken Olsen: All kind of shit. You know, it got blown out by the way, was he took me to court. The first time because the judge could tell that they were just trying to seek vengeance on me. So they read the they read all the shit that you wrote down
Ken Olsen: You need 4545 seconds later boom case dismissed.
Ken Olsen: I mean they're trying to get $800 a month out of me.
Ken Olsen: Okay, and then putting down that I beat her, but there was never any police reports and all that shit.
Ken Olsen: So one time. That's how I got anger management. She got smart. This time, and made a police report saying, you know, this and that you line over fucking teeth, but I didn't sign up and you know I just
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I thought it took, like, okay, this is what has happened, whatever. I still took her back.
Ken Olsen: I think it was a sex probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Ken Olsen: Yeah, but
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Anyways, there you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's true. You can't change anybody else.
Ken Olsen: Definitely
Ken Olsen: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just got to be the best version of you. You can possibly be.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember what do you remember we were talking yesterday about what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figuring out what you're happy looks like.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I know. We're happy looks like.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, my I fell in love as like teen I blew that here, by the way, drinking and drugging but I was happy. I saw this girl in the drive through and I fell in love recite and I got a job there just to see her, and I'll be damned. I got her, you know,
Ken Olsen: That that was going to merrier. And man, I got her pregnant. We paid for an abortion. I'm an idiot.
Ken Olsen: And then I show up our house, three o'clock in the morning after are doing what they're banking on our front door drunk and spun out
Ken Olsen: I went home, came back the next day or Dad said if I ever see around here again.
Ken Olsen: That was yellow. Yeah. But that was a happy time until I blew it like I always do, but
Ken Olsen: That was, yeah. That was a good time. I never care in the world.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Love you know I was my first time ever falling in love.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the first time I always get a heartbroken, you always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ever again.
Ken Olsen: You know, it took me a couple years that one.
Ken Olsen: And then I saw her again. She was looking for me. And then I saw her.
Ken Olsen: Talk to you for a minute. I was drunk. Of course, and then I just walked out on her. I said, I can't do this again. You can't, you know,
Ken Olsen: You're going to break my heart again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nah, no.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta find that happy place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, not happy with other people, but happy within
Yourself.
Ken Olsen: Trying
You know,
Ken Olsen: Well, it's time. I'm kind of doing it alone. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, maybe this time. That's exactly how you need to do it. You know, you need to be okay with you and figure out why. What does underlying issue is, you know, underneath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Underneath it all so that you can change it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you got the rest of your life, whatever that looks like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We just don't know.
Ken Olsen: Yes, certainly. Life is what scares me because
Ken Olsen: I'm only trained in certain things and I hate doing what I used to do.
Ken Olsen: You know, I even looked like being a drug drug alcohol counselor. I call it a capella University first number that popped up and
Ken Olsen: I talked to him for a minute.
Ken Olsen: And he asked me, What's your highest level of graduate school. And I said, gee,
Ken Olsen: I think they kind of laugh. The St. The program for you. You got to go to college, get your BA, you probably know about. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: No, I don't know. I gotta find something else, different material before what I did before.
Ken Olsen: I'm tired of fixing shit apartments and houses and shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you should look into becoming a recovery mentor.
Ken Olsen: Once that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Recovery mentor is somebody that reaches out to people, you know, in the community that struggling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And walks them through the first little bit of recovery to help them get grounded in take some to meetings, you know,
Ken Olsen: Especially with Secretary goes a day usually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: goes and picks people up and takes him to meetings and stuff.
Ken Olsen: Or sponsor. Mm hmm. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, uh, yeah. It's kind of like recovery mentor is kind of like a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of like a sponsor. They don't do step work, you know, with the client, you don't. You have to maintain an ethical you know boundary with them but
Ken Olsen: being around people that ruin their fucking life and
Ken Olsen: strung out on heroin. I could ever bought with but
Ken Olsen: You know, I feel surveys heroin addicts, man.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: But I lost a friend or two with that shit.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, and I don't know being around people that kind of recover from that be hard. I think I mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's hard, but it's no more harder than somebody who's struggling with alcohol.
Ken Olsen: That's for sure that well I mean that, too. I mean,
Ken Olsen: I don't think I'm I don't know if I'm the right person for that. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One day, maybe you'll figure it out.
Ken Olsen: Right now I'm a fucking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you have to go through the mass to get to the promises.
Ken Olsen: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: My sponsor said it's going to take a year of my brain to kick back on really yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, go through this shift and hopefully come out the other side, you know, if you feel like killing yourself. Now give it a year.
Ken Olsen: And if you still feel it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First year is the hardest.
Ken Olsen: And then, you know, essentially, how long do we got here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got about, I think, five or six minutes depending on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My person shows
Ken Olsen: You know, and
Ken Olsen: Another thing, it kind of freaks me out is that
Ken Olsen: I haven't really I don't talk to anybody about this shit but
Ken Olsen: When my mom passed away.
Ken Olsen: Last we talked about this morning but uh
Ken Olsen: MY DAD PUT ME LIKE in charge of everything happens to him.
Ken Olsen: You know what I mean, like the first on the line, or whatever you call it.
Ken Olsen: The executor or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Uh huh.
Ken Olsen: And I got two older brothers.
Ken Olsen: And I think about that, like, what am I going to do
Ken Olsen: If my dad passed is unbeatable.
Ken Olsen: You know, even thinking about it kind of makes me
Ken Olsen: I mean, I gotta take care of all this shit right
Ken Olsen: And you know, I got it. I'm glad I'm getting sober. But, you know, but
Ken Olsen: It just kind of blows me away. You know that I'm the one that
Ken Olsen: You know what I'm saying.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, and
Ken Olsen: I gotta step up to the plate.
Ken Olsen: Make sure everything's even
Ken Olsen: Which I can do.
Ken Olsen: But it's always in the back of my mind like my dad died and I gotta do this and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, I don't know.
Ken Olsen: This is going to be strange and I just, I don't know, it's like wow you know what
Ken Olsen: No, I've never done this kind of thing before.
Ken Olsen: So, you know, dealing with my dad passed and enough beat by beat by die beforehand but whatever, but
Ken Olsen: haven't lived take over.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: That's gonna be hell is gonna be weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well, you can live to be 100 but
Ken Olsen: I don't know, I just, it's now my brother lives with us too, and
Ken Olsen: He's different.
Ken Olsen: He's, he's different
Ken Olsen: Not, I mean, just like he's not the same person I am, but he is
Ken Olsen: But can be in the older brother and me being a young boy.
Ken Olsen: kind of talk live so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I hear you.
Ken Olsen: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's something about that, you know, obviously, you
Ken Olsen: I guess so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Many things that you're probably the most level headed and can do it the right way.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty cool. He has that thing.
Ken Olsen: I'm afraid to live down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been feeling you won't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just have a feeling that you won't
Ken Olsen: Damn even getting choked up thinking about
Ken Olsen: Everything I'm getting choked up about. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're all right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, your emotions are our
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Raw
Ken Olsen: Yeah, because right now he's that'd be stronger el
Ken Olsen: Tema woke up, you know, that's all I want to do get that shift in the bottle.
Ken Olsen: It's a beer.
Ken Olsen: That's why I say that shifts are selfish disease because you put everybody else, you don't care about nobody else like yourself. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see that you know about recovery, you know, recovery is a selfish selfless program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And because in order to be there for anybody else, you have to hone in on yourself and make sure that yourself. You get what you need for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then all your relationships for, you know, are able to flourish grow or and or whatever that looks like you know
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely addiction is a selfish disease, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah, my goal.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Ken Olsen: I think of all the people that
Ken Olsen: Didn't make it, you know.
Ken Olsen: I was right there with them.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got to find some some peace and goodness and today. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, we're talking about it kind of really gets me down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can just know that it's not happening today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not happening, you know, and so it's not something that you need to think about a worry about today.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Stay out of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not in a in a headspace right now that you can really go down that rabbit hole. You've got to stay out of it.
Ken Olsen: Yes, the busy.
You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, you're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you gotta stay out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on what what you're going to do today, period.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to get out of the house. You're going to go the store, you're going to get some things that you need to make this awesome meal with your, your daughter tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know upfront sober.
Ken Olsen: I get to redeem myself because I made being a core bread yesterday that kind of shit.
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, there's one more. I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And in them. In the meantime, if you feel like napping. You feel like wrestling.
Know,
Ken Olsen: Laying down the worst.
Ken Olsen: No, I'd rather be up around doing something and laying down because partly down. I have to knock myself out. If I lay down my head will start going on them all with our
Ken Olsen: Okay, well, so I don't take naps. Never have.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I like the fact that you drinking a lot of water.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I've lost quite a bit of weight.
Ken Olsen: To keep this up to 256 down to 25 years old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Ken Olsen: That's a month and a half to him. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You changed your diet.
Ken Olsen: Oh, big time.
Ken Olsen: No, I like her, you know, I like a rabbit I eat all vegetables and
Ken Olsen: Fruits and so
Ken Olsen: I don't eat.
Ken Olsen: I don't eat past six o'clock.
Ken Olsen: We'd be going to the gym right now. But, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Ken Olsen: I just write a shit on my bike.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's exercise get now and feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your face, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I am going to let you go. I see my other person is came in.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So rest today. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you find yourself going thinking about what's to come. You got to pull yourself back out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And focus on what's today.
Ken Olsen: Who's a co to you or yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Aiko is a one of our care. She's an awesome care Navigator. I absolutely love working with these ladies.
Ken Olsen: Well, she gave me her direct number by one
Ken Olsen: Yep, that that normal or I mean yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah, no, I wasn't sure if she's just somebody to answer the phone or what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, she's a care navigator
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, she was concerned about you yesterday her and I spoke. I was concerned about yesterday and I think what she did was so awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Yes, going the extra mile, I guess.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They care.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will, I will see you next week. Unless you come in and you need to talk. They'll get back in touch with me and I'll get you back on the line.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that we're here to walk you through this side by side. We're here, we're your support system, we're gonna
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: That's amazing. It is happening.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happy
Boy.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: All right.
Ken Olsen: All right. Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, can I will talk to you later.
Ken Olsen: Alright, sweet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Bye bye.